Wang Jianhua Liu Bang was shot with the equipment
Yesterday everyone knew
You're just a casual sleeper
Waste it now you say
Just stopped by my team
The advanced young man robbed
Ahhh
Uh-huh.
I still want to buy it.
How are you?
Say scum you
Come up
He's so good
Why did you get blinded in your previous life?
No resistance
I'm all right.
He was born a concubine
Or is it because of unexpected intentions?
I would have been afraid if I knew my background and identity
What's up?
Why is that?
I see your stuff is all scattered.
Let me help you clean up.
Thanks.
Give it to me, I'll do it myself
Here's another pair of your pants
Feel free to die
Ah!
Here, give it to me.
Is it gone?
Thanks
Let's just go.
So easily shy
How dare you approach me?
That's all it takes to be a spy
Come and give it to me.
Thanks
Wait until you arrive at the place where you live
Make sure you move here. Let's go